Add task configuration schema and describe client behaviour (#2)
wangshan/draft-wang-ppm-dap-taskprov: draft-wang-ppm-dap-taskprov.md

author:
 -
    fullname: Shan Wang
    organization: Apple Inc.
    email: "shan_wang@apple.com"
 -
    fullname: Christopher Patton
    organization: Cloudflare

>     email: "cpatton@cloudflare.com"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    email: "chrispatton+ietf@gmail.com"
```

When the Client includes this extension with its report, the body of the
extension is structured as follows:

~~~
/* Definition of all parameters in extension_data for one task */
struct {
    /* Info specific for a task. */
    opaque task_info<1..2^8-1>;

    /* A list of URLs relative to which an aggregator's API endpoints */
    /* can be found. */
    Url aggregator_endpoints<1..2^16-1>;

    /* This determines the query type for batch selection and the */
    /* properties that all batches for this task must have. */
    QueryConfig query_config;

    /* The maximum number of times a batch of reports may be queried */
    /* by the Collector. */
    uint16 max_batch_lifetime;

    /* Time up to which clients are allowed to upload to this task. */
    /* See https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/pull/304 */
    Time task_expiration;

    /* A unique identifier for the VDAF instance used for the task, */
    /* including the type of measurement associated with the task. */
    VdafType vdaf_type;

    /* Additional parameters relevant for the vdaf_type */
    opaque vdaf_data<1..2^16-1>;
} TaskConfig;

> /* Defined in DAP core protocol. */

Author: is `//` a valid comment format for TLS?

> /* Defined in DAP core protocol. */

Reviewer: Yes

enum {
    reserved(0), // Reserved for testing purposes
    time-interval(1),
    fixed-size(2),
    (65535)
} QueryType;

struct {
    uint32 max_batch_size;

> } FixedSizeQueryConfig;

Author: wouldn't it be more clear if we have an explicitly type for it? for e.g. if we have another field required by FixedSizeQueryConfig in the future

> } FixedSizeQueryConfig;

Reviewer: It's just my opinion, but I don't think this is more clear, since you now have to look in two places to understand the information conveyed by QueryConfig. However, defining new structs is sometimes appropriate. For example:
1.  when either you need to serialize the same data in multiple places in the protocol
2. when there are a large number of parameters in the struct.

> } FixedSizeQueryConfig;

Author: I'll change this since I don't know what else should be include in FixedSizeQueryConfig yet.

> NOTE (shan) Delete below before merging to main
~~~
/* Below are NOT in taskprov, used for Apple-CF deployment. */
/* To be deleted from task-prov extension, but is ok to have trace in public */
/* repo since all algorithms described below have been published. */

/* INAN codepoints for VDAF */
/* https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/blob/main/draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md#queries-query */
/* NOTE(cjpatton) CamelCase is different from other enums values in DAP world. */
enum {
    Prio3Aes128Count(0x00000000),
    Prio3Aes128Sum(0x00000001),
    Prio3Aes128Histogram(0x00000002),
    /* 0x00000003 to 0x00000FFF reserved for Prio3 */
    Poplar1Aes128(0x00001000),
    /* 0xFFFF0000 to 0xFFFFFFFF reserved for private use */
    Prio2(0xFFFF0000),
    /* 0xFFFF0001 to 0xFFFF0003 reserved for Prio2 */
    PrioPlusPlus(0xFFFF0004),
    /* 0xFFFF0005 to 0xFFFF0007 reserved for PrioPlusPlus */
    PrioPiRappor(0xFFFF0008),
    /* 0xFFFF0009 to 0xFFFF000F reserved for PiRappor */
    (255)
} VdafType;

enum {
    reserved(0), // Reserved for testing purposes
    float16(1),
    float32(2),
    float64(3),
    fixed-point16(4),
    fixed-point32(5),
    fixed-point64(6),

>     (7)

Author: type removed

own mechanism.

This document describes a mechanism for configuring tasks that may be useful in

> many deployments. The goal of this mechanism is to add transparency to the

Reviewer: I continue to think that "transparency" is not the right sales pitch for this extension. The reason is this: To sell it this way, you'll need to (1) define transparency and (2) to make the case that vanilla DAP *isn't* transparent. So far I don't see a clear/useful definition of transparency for which this case can be made.

Suppose we define transparency this way: "A DAP deployment is transparent if what is being measured, and how, is evident to the client." Assuming this definition, it's not hard to argue that draft-wang-ppm-taskprov does not add any value relative to vanilla DAP. The important question is: What information does the client have now that it didn't have before? Quoting from the original issue (https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/issues/290):

> By sending all task parameters to clients then return to the server, we add transparency to the task that clients participate in Client has the choice to see what data has been collected with what parameters (like min_batch_size, max_batch_lifetime, or any differential privacy parameters if that's the privacy guarantee used).  For some clients these task parameters can even be hardcoded on the client side (for e.g. on a mobile device) to avoid any tempering from server.

Why is this not true for vanilla DAP? It seems like a deployment is free to surface this information to clients, regardless of how the task is configured. In fact, at some point the client software needs this information in order to participate in the protocol. It's also possible to hardcode DP parameters and use them for multiple tasks for vanilla DAP.

On the other hand, I think a *very* strong case for this extension can be made without talking about transparency at all. Namely, it specifies a means of configuring tasks without intervention of a third-party; all information necessary for aggregating a report is carried by the report itself. This is an elegant idea on its own.

Author: I agree with the part that transparency in the form of "client knows the parameters" is true to vanilla DAP. 

But what this extension adds is: the client's measurement will be aggregated using the parameters, because aggregators use these exact parameters to define a task. While in vanilla DAP, there's nothing stopping task authors from giving clients and helpers different parameters.

Reviewer: That's definitely a useful property of this extension, and it should be called out in the intro. But I don't think it has to do with transparency.

task provision process, and define a task provision method that does not rely

> on deployment specific leader-helper out-of-band agreement.

Reviewer: Vanilla DAP does not mandate some sort of "leader-helper" agreement. Rather, the means by which parties are configured is not specified.

create a DAP task upon receiving `Report` with such extension (or `ReportShare`
in the case of helper.)

By sending task configuration parameters to clients, we add transparency to the
task that clients participate in. Client can see what privacy parameters has
been configured for a task (for e.g. `min_batch_size`, or any differential
privacy parameters if that's the privacy guarantee used).

By defining this mechanism as an extension, we can guarantee that for any
deployments implementing this extension:

1. Task transparency is enforced since aggregator task must be created using
the same parameters client sent.

2. No need for out-of-band task orchestration between leader and helpers, any
leaders and helpers can work on the same DAP task, therefore making adoption of
DAP easier.

3. A "task" now means the same task ID and same task configuration, including
parameters for choosing VDAF. Therefore, reports from one task will only be
aggregated with one VDAF. For the same reason, if a malicious client changes
the task ID or task configuration, its report will be aggregated in a different
task, with other poison reports from the same malicious attack. The "good"

> reports will not be polluted.

Reviewer: I don't think this property (3.) is new to draft-wang-ppm-taskprov. In fact, it ought to hold for any deployment of DAP.

Author: agreed. But I think the part that filters out polluted reports is still worthy calling out, let me move it to Implementation and Operational Considerations, I can delete it if you think that's clearer.

Because extension is used in HPKE's AAD, by including all task configurations
in the extension, malicious leader cannot change the task configuration to
mislead helpers to reduce privacy guarantee, for e.g. by reducing

> `min_batch_size`.

Reviewer: This property as well should hold for any deployment of DAP. Since it's not particular to this extension, I don't think it's worth mentioning in the intro. Of course, in Security Considerations we'll want to discuss why this extension preserves the properties of DAP (i.e., does not introduce any regressions to security).

Author: let me move this to Security Considerations as a quoted comment, we can update/remove it when Security Considerations are fleshed out.

This extension affects upload, aggregate and collect sub-protocols.

# Conventions and Definitions

{::boilerplate bcp14-tagged}

Similar to {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}, this document uses the verbs
"abort" and "alert with `[some error message]`" to describe how protocol
participants react to various error conditions.

The terms used follow those described in {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}. The
following new terms are used:

> Task provision:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task provisioning:
```

# The "task-prov" Extension

> NOTE(cjpatton) It will be useful to think of a good name for this. Something
> succinct and descriptive is ideal. `task-prov` is fine, but we can maybe do
> better.

A new extension is defined:

~~~
enum {
    task-prov(0xff00),
    (65535)
} ExtensionType;
~~~
> NOTE(shan) TLS uses underscore `_` to define codepoints, which is different
> from DAP's convension of using hyphen `-`, which one to follow?
> See [#314](ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap#314) for discussion.

When the Client includes this extension with its report, the body of the
extension is structured as follows:

~~~
struct {
    /* Info specific for a task. */
    opaque task_info<1..2^8-1>;

    /* A list of URLs relative to which an aggregator's API endpoints
     can be found. Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02. */
    Url aggregator_endpoints<1..2^16-1>;

    /* This determines the query type for batch selection and the
    properties that all batches for this task must have. Defined in
     I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02. */
    QueryConfig query_config;

    /* The maximum number of times a batch of reports may be queried by
    the Collector. */
    uint16 max_batch_lifetime;

>     /* Time up to which Clients are allowed to upload to this task. See
>      https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/pull/304. Defined
>      in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02. */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* Time up to which Clients are allowed to upload to this task. See
    https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/pull/304. Defined
    in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02. */
```

    Time task_expiration;

>     /* A codepoint for either a standard VDAF or reserved for private
>      use. */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* A codepoint defined in I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-03 or reserved for private
    use. */
```

    VdafType vdaf_type;

    /* Additional parameters relevant for the vdaf_type. */
    opaque vdaf_config<1..2^16-1>;
} TaskConfig;

struct {
    QueryType query_type;    // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
    Duration time_precision; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
    uint32 min_batch_size;
    select (query_type) {
        case time-interval: Empty;
        case fixed-size: uint32 max_batch_size;
    }
} QueryConfig;
~~~

> The purpose of `TaskConfig` is to include all parameters that are necessary
> for creating a new task in aggregators. It includes all the fields to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of `TaskConfig` is to define all parameters that are necessary
for configuring an aggregator. It includes all the fields to be
```

{{construct-task-id}}.

## Construct task ID {#construct-task-id}

For `task-prov` extension, a DAP task is not created before distributing task
configuration to clients. Therefore, a DAP task ID may not be available to
clients, aggregators and collector before uploading. Aggregator or collector
MAY still choose a task ID for this task and deliver it to all clients along
with `TaskConfig`. In this case, client MUST use that task ID. This arrangement
SHOULD be agreed by aggregators, collector and clients out-of-band.

Alternatively, task ID can be constructed from `task_info` and any other part
of task configuration, as long as the generated task ID is determinstic and
stay consistent across all parties. For example, the task ID can be a SHA256
hash of the entire serialized `TaskConfig`. In this case, the `task_info`
serves as an unique byte array to distinguish different tasks that share the
same task parameters. Task ID can be constructed on server side and then
distributed to clients, or constructed independently on clients and servers.
When constructed independently, the mechanism used for creating the task ID
must be known to both clients and the collector.

> > OPEN ISSUE: Should task ID construction from TaskConfig be enforeced?

Reviewer: I think so. If the goal of this extension is to do as much in-band provisioning as possible, then permitting flexibility here defeats the purpose because it requires the parties to agree, out-of-band, on the method for choosing the batch ID.

As has been pointed out, diversifying the task ID is important. One way to do this is to rely on the `task_info` to be unique across the entire deployment. Alternatively, we could add a nonce field to the TaskConfig, which the task author should fill with random bytes.

> ## Construct extension body

Reviewer: This subsection is not necessary, it's sufficient to just define the extension.

"abort" and "alert with `[some error message]`" to describe how protocol
participants react to various error conditions.

The terms used follow those described in {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}. The
following new terms are used:

Task provision:
: The process of creating a DAP task.

Task configuration:
: The non-secret parameters required to create a task in task proviosion.

Task author:
: The entity that defines the parameters of a task.

# The "task-prov" Extension

> NOTE(cjpatton) It will be useful to think of a good name for this. Something
> succinct and descriptive is ideal. `task-prov` is fine, but we can maybe do
> better.

A new extension is defined:

~~~
enum {
    task-prov(0xff00),
    (65535)
} ExtensionType;
~~~
> NOTE(shan) TLS uses underscore `_` to define codepoints, which is different
> from DAP's convension of using hyphen `-`, which one to follow?
> See [#314](ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap#314) for discussion.

When the Client includes this extension with its report, the body of the
extension is structured as follows:

~~~
struct {
    /* Info specific for a task. */
    opaque task_info<1..2^8-1>;

>     /* A list of URLs relative to which an aggregator's API endpoints */
>     /* can be found. */

Reviewer: Probably best to follow block comment conventions in the DAP spec.
```suggestion
    /* A list of URLs relative to which an aggregator's API endpoints
     can be found. */
```

    Url aggregator_endpoints<1..2^16-1>; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02

    /* This determines the query type for batch selection and the */

>     /* properties that all batches for this task must have. */
>     QueryConfig query_config; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
> 

Reviewer: nit (weird mix of block and inline comments; similarly below): 
```suggestion
    /* properties that all batches for this task must have.  Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02. */
    QueryConfig query_config;

```

    /* The maximum number of times a batch of reports may be queried */
    /* by the Collector. */
    uint16 max_batch_lifetime;

>     /* Time up to which clients are allowed to upload to this task. */

Reviewer: nit: In the VDAF spec I've adopted the convention of capitalizing Client, Aggregator, and Collector. For the DAP spec I've been pushing for doing the same. We can follow this convention or not, but we should try to be consistent.
```suggestion
    /* Time up to which Clients are allowed to upload to this task. */
```

    /* See https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/pull/304 */
    Time task_expiration; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02

>     /* A unique identifier for the VDAF instance used for the task, */

Reviewer: We need to say here that this is a codepoint for either a standard VDAF or reserved for private use.

    /* including the type of measurement associated with the task. */
    VdafType vdaf_type;

>     /* Additional parameters relevant for the vdaf_type */

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /* Additional parameters relevant for the vdaf_type. */
```

>     opaque vdaf_data<1..2^16-1>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    opaque vdaf_config<1..2^16-1>;
```

} TaskConfig;

struct {
    uint32 max_batch_size;
} FixedSizeQueryConfig;

struct {

>     QueryType query_type; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
>     Duration time_precision; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    QueryType query_type;    // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
    Duration time_precision; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
```

    uint32 min_batch_size;
    select (query_type) {
        case time-interval: Empty;
        case fixed-size: FixedSizeQueryConfig fixed_size_query_config;
    }
} QueryConfig;
~~~

The purpose of `TaskConfig` is to include all parameters that are necessary
for creating a new task in aggregators. It includes all the fields to be
associated with a task (see task configuration in
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.). Besides, `TaskConfig` also includes fields
that useful for configuring a task in-band:

* An opaque `task_info` that is specific to a task. For e.g. this can be a
string describing the purpose of this task. It can also be the DAP task ID
chosen by task author.

* An opaque `vdaf_data` that contains any VDAF specific parameters for the
chosen `vdaf_type`. The aggregators MUST pass `vdaf_data` to VDAF initialiser,
based on the chosen `vdaf_type`.

The definition of Time, Duration, Url, QueryType follow those in
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.

Note that the parameters that are not necessarily tied to a task (for e.g.
collector hpke config), and secrets that should not be known by clients, like

> `vdaf_verify_key`, MUST still be exchanged out-of-band among aggregators.

Reviewer: I don't think this paragraph adds anything. It can be removed.

Author: @cjpatton The core protocol task configuration includes secrets like `vdaf_verify_key`, I think this should be mentioned explicitly?  @junyechen1996 your comment https://github.com/wangshan/draft-wang-ppm-dap-taskprov/pull/2/files#r964267738 is basically addressed here

Reviewer: Hmm, I don't think my comment was very helpful. Please allow me to try again :)

It's useful to note that TaskConfig does not encode all parameters required to run a task. (Listing them is also helpful: I believe this just includes the VDAF verification key and the collector HPKE config.)

What's less useful here is saying that these MUST be exchanged out-of-band. It's best to reserve the keyword "MUST" for prescriptive things, e.g., "If the client does X, then the server MUST do Y". Here we're saying that there are fields that MUS be exchanged out-of-band, but we don't say how.

I would be happy with something like this: 

> Note that `TaskConfig` does not encode all of the parameters required for the aggregator to run a task. In particular, the VDAF verification key, the collector HPKE configuration, and whatever assets are required for HTTP request authentication are still established out-of-band.

Side note: Is the plan to to derive the VDAF verification key from the a shared secret on-the-fly?

Author: I see, let me update it.

Re: vdaf_verify_key, I think our last conclusion was that if the leader chooses vdaf_verify_key, then the privacy leak threat already exists, generate it using a shared secret doesn't help, do we have consensus on this?

# Client Behavior

> TODO(wangshan) Say how the Client constructs the extension body. Does the
> extension change anything else about the upload flow?

The client should know whether `task-prov` extension will be used and all
parameters required for `TaskConfig` prior to constructing the extension
body, either out-of-band from aggregators, or from information already saved on
client.

To use this extension, the client should first decide what is the task ID, see
{{construct-task-id}}.

> ## Construct task ID {#construct-task-id}

Author: yes, but thinking about this more, we probably should enforce task ID to be created involving task config, otherwise the aggregator might aggregate the same task ID with different TaskConfig.

configuration to clients. Therefore, a DAP task ID may not be available to
clients, aggregators and collector before uploading. Aggregator or collector
MAY still choose a task ID for this task and deliver it to all clients along
with `TaskConfig`. In this case, client MUST use that task ID. This arrangement
SHOULD be agreed by aggregators, collector and clients out-of-band.

Alternatively, task ID can be constructed from `task_info` and any other part
of task configuration, as long as the generated task ID is determinstic and
stay consistent across all parties. For example, the task ID can be a SHA256
hash of the entire serialized `TaskConfig`. In this case, the `task_info`
serves as an unique byte array to distinguish different tasks that share the
same task parameters. Task ID can be constructed on server side and then
distributed to clients, or constructed independently on clients and servers.
When constructed independently, the mechanism used for creating the task ID
must be known to both clients and the collector.

## Construct extension body

Client constructs this extension during the upload flow, after hpke config

> (see update flow and hpke-config in {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.). Note

Author: yes that's pretty much it, let me remove this sentence

that if task ID is not available at time of hpke config query, the client
should use `[aggregator]/hpke_config` API without specifying a `task_id`.
Client typically sets `extension_type` to `task-prov` codepoint in
`ReportMetadata`'s extenion field, and save the encoded `TaskConfig` in
`extension_data` field.

# Leader Behavior

> TODO(wangshan) Say what the Leader does when it receives a report with this
> extension. What do Leaders do if they *don't* support this extension? Is it
> safe to ignore it? How are the upload, aggregate, and collect flows impacted?

> Leader should have saved any information that is not always tied to a

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we should briefly mention all the "secret" parameters in a task that cannot be agreed through the extension-based task provisioning. On top of my head, these include `vdaf_verify_key`, `collector_hpke_config`, and `aggregator_auth_tokens`

Author: that is mentioned just above the client behaviour section

arrived yet. In this case the leader MAY respond with HTTP status code 404
Not Found and an error of type `unrecognizedTask`. The response MAY include a
Retry-After header field to suggest a pulling interval to the collector.

> Alternatively the leader can just response with 303 and continue waiting.

# Helper Behavior

Helper should have received out-of-band from leader any information that is not
always tied to a particular task, for e.g. `vdaf_verify_key`. Similar to
leader, helper may not know the task ID of the current task before receiving
the first `AggregateInitializeReq` message from the leader.

## Change to helper aggregate sub-protocol

Upon receipt of a `AggregateInitializeReq`, helper reads the extension
codepoint in `extension_type`. If helper does not support this extension, it
SHOULD abort the aggregate protocol and alert the leader with error
"unrecognizedMessage".

If helper supports `task-prov` extension, it should first check if the task ID
already exists, if so helper continues to the rest of helper initialization as
usual (see helper initialization in {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.)

> Note if the existing tasks's configuration is different from the one in report

Reviewer 2: existing tasks's -> existing task's

If the task ID has not been seen before, helper should read and decode report
share's `extension_data` with the `TaskConfig` schema. If the decode failed,
it MUST abort the aggregate protocol and alert the leader with error
"unrecognizedMessage".

If the decode succeeds, helper should create a new task using the task ID from
the decoded report share, and save task configuration with the newly created
task. In particular, helper should pass `vdaf_data` to the VDAF initializer,
based on `vdaf_type` in `TaskConfig`. At this point, the task provision step has
completed, and helper should continue to the rest of helper initialization.

# Collector Behavior

> TODO(wangshan) Describe if/how this extension impacts Collector behavior.

Collector should handle `CollectResp` with status code 404 Not Found and error
type `unrecognizedTask`, if it supports this extension, then it should retry
with the same `CollectReq`, potentially using an interval from the Retry-After
header in the last `CollectResp`.

# Operational Considerations

> NOTE(shan) Do we want to include this section in the beginning?

The in-band task provision mechanism is easy to implement with streaming

> framework that has `groupBy operator`. In fact, task as an object doesn't have

Reviewer 2: `groupBy operator` -> `groupBy` operator

    QueryConfig query_config;

    /* The maximum number of times a batch of reports may be queried by
    the Collector. */
    uint16 max_batch_lifetime;

    /* Time up to which Clients are allowed to upload to this task. See
    https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/pull/304. Defined
    in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02. */
    Time task_expiration;

    /* A codepoint defined in I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-03 or reserved
    for private use. */
    VdafType vdaf_type;

    /* Additional parameters relevant for the vdaf_type. */
    opaque vdaf_config<1..2^16-1>;
} TaskConfig;

struct {
    QueryType query_type;    // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
    Duration time_precision; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
    uint32 min_batch_size;
    select (query_type) {
        case time-interval: Empty;
        case fixed-size:     uint32 max_batch_size;
    }
} QueryConfig;
~~~

The purpose of `TaskConfig` is to define all parameters that are necessary
for configuring an aggregator. It includes all the fields to be
associated with a task (see task configuration in
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.). Besides, `TaskConfig` also includes fields

> that useful for configuring a task in-band:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that are useful for configuring a task in-band:
```

  chosen `vdaf_type`.

The codepoints for standardized (V)DAFs are listed below:

~~~
/* Codepoint for each standardized VDAF. Defined in
 I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-03. */
enum {
    prio3-aes128-count(0x00000000),
    prio3-aes128-sum(0x00000001),
    prio3-aes128-histogram(0x00000002),
    poplar1-aes128(0x00001000),
    (2^32-1)
} VdafType;
~~~

The structure of the `vdaf_config` field is not specified in this document,
instead it needs to be defined by the VDAF itself. For VDAFs specified
in {{?VDAF=I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-01}}, implementations SHOULD use the
following structure:

~~~
struct {
    select (vdaf_type) {
        case prio3-aes128-count: Empty;
        case prio3-aes128-sum: uint8 bits;
        case prio3-aes128-histogram: uint64 buckets<8, 2^24-8>;
        case poplar1-aes128: uint16 bits;
    }
} VdafConfig;
~~~

> OPEN ISSUE: Should DP parameters be defined as a different "dimension" to
> VDAF, given that it's likely various DP mechanisms can be applied to any VDAF.
> See issue [#94](https://github.com/cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf/issues/94) for
> discussion.

The definition of Time, Duration, Url, QueryType follow those in

> {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02}}.
```

Reviewer: This draft isn't out yet, so we'll have to update this later :)

Reviewer 2: Fair enough, I'm just not clear because there is a mixture of reference to DAP-01 and DAP-02.

Reviewer: TOTALLY understandable! We were hoping to cut DAP-02 last week, but it looks like we'll merge this PR before then.

own mechanism.

This document describes a mechanism for configuring tasks that may be useful in
many deployments. The goal of this mechanism is to define a task provision
method that utilizes just the upload channel and the metadata in the `Report`
itself.

At a high level, this extension asks client to include all the task
configuration parameters it received out-of-band from task author, in the
extension field of the `Report` it uploads to aggregators. The aggregators will
create a DAP task upon receiving `Report` with such extension (or `ReportShare`
in the case of helper.)

By defining this mechanism as an extension, we can guarantee that for any
deployments implementing this extension, all information required for
aggregating a report is included in the report itself. There is no need for
out-of-band task orchestration between leader and helpers, therefore making
adoption of DAP easier. Since aggregators must create tasks using the same
parameters client sent, this extension prevents task authors from giving clients
and aggregators different task parameters in order to achieve reduced privacy
guarantee, without requiring an out-of-band mechanism.

> This extension affects upload, aggregate and collect sub-protocols.

Reviewer: This section should define the term "task author" (introduced by this draft) and elaborate on its role. We can do so in follow-up PR.

Author: It is defined in the Conventions and Definitions section:
> : The entity that defines the parameters of a task.

Reviewer: Sure, but we definitely need some "flavor text" to gently introduce the reader to this concept. We can worry about this later though :)

for configuring an aggregator. It includes all the fields to be
associated with a task (see task configuration in
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.). Besides, `TaskConfig` also includes fields
that useful for configuring a task in-band:

* An opaque `task_info` that is specific to a task. For e.g. this can be a
  string describing the purpose of this task.

* An opaque `vdaf_config` that contains any VDAF specific parameters for the
  chosen `vdaf_type`.

The codepoints for standardized (V)DAFs are listed below:

~~~
/* Codepoint for each standardized VDAF. Defined in
 I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-03. */
enum {
    prio3-aes128-count(0x00000000),
    prio3-aes128-sum(0x00000001),
    prio3-aes128-histogram(0x00000002),
    poplar1-aes128(0x00001000),
    (2^32-1)
} VdafType;
~~~

The structure of the `vdaf_config` field is not specified in this document,
instead it needs to be defined by the VDAF itself. For VDAFs specified
in {{?VDAF=I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-01}}, implementations SHOULD use the
following structure:

~~~
struct {
    select (vdaf_type) {
        case prio3-aes128-count: Empty;
        case prio3-aes128-sum: uint8 bits;

>         case prio3-aes128-histogram: uint64 buckets<8, 2^16-8>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        case prio3-aes128-histogram: uint64 buckets<8, 2^24-8>;
```

> discussion.

The definition of Time, Duration, Url, QueryType follow those in
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.

## Out-of-band parameters {#out-of-band-parameters}

Note that `TaskConfig` does not encode all of the parameters required for the
aggregator to run a task. In particular, parameters that should not be known to
clients, like the VDAF verification key, the collector HPKE configuration, and
whatever assets are required for HTTP request authentication are still
established out-of-band.

> OPEN ISSUE: VDAF verification key needs to be unique per task, spell out
> derivation of it.

# Client Behavior

The client should know whether `task-prov` extension will be used and all
parameters required for `TaskConfig` prior to constructing the extension
body, either out-of-band from aggregators, or from information already saved on
client.

To offer the `task-prov` extension, the client adds the `TaskConfig` structure
it received from the task author in the extensions field of its `Report`. It
computes the task ID as described in {{construct-task-id}}.

## Construct task ID {#construct-task-id}

For `task-prov` extension, a DAP task is not created before distributing task

> configuration to clients. Therefore, clients, aggregators and collector should
> construct a DAP task ID prior to uploading. A DAP task ID is computed as

Reviewer: Declarative
```suggestion
configuration to clients. Therefore, clients, aggregators and collector
construct the DAP task ID prior to uploading. A DAP task ID is computed as
```

follows:

~~~
task_id = SHA-256(task_config)
~~~

# Provisioning a task {#provisioning-a-task}

Upon receiving the payload containing extension, leader and helpers perform
similar steps to provision a task.

If aggregator supports `task-prov` extension, it should first check if the
task ID already exists, if so the aggregator continues to the rest of the flow
being processed. Note if the existing tasks's configuration is different from
the one in extension, HPKE decryption will fail due to mismatched AAD.

If the task ID has not been seen before, aggregator should read and decode
`extension_data` with the `TaskConfig` schema. If the decoding failed, it MUST
abort the sub protocol with error "unrecognizedMessage".

> If the decoding succeeds, aggregator should create a new task using the task ID

Reviewer: Declaritive
```suggestion
If the decoding succeeds, aggregator creates a new task using the task ID
```

from the decoded extension, and save task configuration with the newly created
task. In particular, aggregator should deserialize `vdaf_config` corresponding
to `vdaf_type`, and pass the relevant parameters to the VDAF initializer. At
this point, the task provision step has completed.

# Leader Behavior

Leader should have saved any parameters described in {{out-of-band-parameters}}.
Leader may not know the task ID of the current task before receiving the first
upload request.

## Change to upload sub-protocol

Upon receiving a report, leader reads the extension codepoint in
`extension_type`. If the leader does not support this extension, it MUST ignore
it. In particular, if the task ID is not known, then it MUST abort the handshake
with "unrecognizedTask".

> > reason for aborting: if leader ignores it, then there is no way to ensure
> > clients that the extension is used and task parameters are respected in
> > aggregators

Reviewer: No need to include this paragraph.
```suggestion
```

to know the parameters associated with the DAP task. However, upon receipt of
`CollectReq`, leader may not know the parameters if the first upload has not
arrived yet. In this case the leader MAY respond with HTTP status code 404
Not Found and an error of type `unrecognizedTask`. The response MAY include a
Retry-After header field to suggest a pulling interval to the collector.

> OPEN ISSUE: Alternatively the leader can just response with 303 and continue
> waiting.

# Helper Behavior

Helper should have saved any parameters described in {{out-of-band-parameters}}.
Similar to leader, helper may not know the task ID of the current task before
receiving the first `AggregateInitializeReq` message from the leader.

## Change to helper aggregate sub-protocol

Upon receipt of a `AggregateInitializeReq`, helper reads the extension
codepoint in `extension_type`. If helper does not support this extension, it
MUST abort the aggregate protocol and alert the leader with error
"unrecognizedMessage".

> OPEN ISSUE: Alternatively Helpr MUST ignore the unrecognized extension, see
> [#334](https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/issues/334) for

> > discussion.

Reviewer: Fine to point to #334, but I think for this PR we should align the Helper's behavior with the Leader's. In particular we should say that it MUST ignore the extension.

own mechanism.

This document describes a mechanism for configuring tasks that may be useful in
many deployments. The goal of this mechanism is to define a task provision
method that utilizes just the upload channel and the metadata in the `Report`
itself.

At a high level, this extension asks client to include all the task
configuration parameters it received out-of-band from task author, in the
extension field of the `Report` it uploads to aggregators. The aggregators will
create a DAP task upon receiving `Report` with such extension (or `ReportShare`
in the case of helper.)

By defining this mechanism as an extension, we can guarantee that for any
deployments implementing this extension, all information required for
aggregating a report is included in the report itself. There is no need for
out-of-band task orchestration between leader and helpers, therefore making
adoption of DAP easier.

Implementations of this extension also has better privacy and security since
aggregators must create tasks using the same parameters client sent. Task
authors cannot give clients and aggregators different task parameters to reduce

> privacy guarantee on the aggregate result.

Author: makes sense, let me reword this

> clients that the extension is used and task parameters are respected in
> aggregators

If leader supports `task-prov` extension, it should first check if the task ID
already exists, if so leader continues to the rest of upload flow as usual.
Note if the existing tasks's configuration is different from the one in report
extension, HPKE decryption will fail due to mismatched AAD.

If the task ID has not been seen before, leader should read and decode report's
`extension_data` with the `TaskConfig` schema. If the decoding failed, it MUST
abort the upload protocol and alert the client with error
"unrecognizedMessage".

If the decode succeeds, leader should create a new task using the task ID from
the decoded report, and save task configuration with the newly created task. In
particular, leader should deserialize `vdaf_config` corresponding to `vdaf_type`,
and pass the relevant parameters to the VDAF initializer. At this point, the
task provision step has completed, and leader should continue to the rest of
upload flow.

Leader MAY return error to the client if task creation failed.

> OPEN ISSUE: would returning error reveal the position of the client in the

> > batch of reports received? if so is this a security or privacy threat?

Reviewer: Can you elaborate more on "position of the client in the batch of reports"? Is there anything that the client learns from the error response that it couldn't compute on its own?

Author: I can't remember what I was worried about, let me delete this and add back later with example

## Change to leader aggregate sub-protocol

> There is no change to the aggregate sub-protocol on leader side.

Reviewer: Then I think we can just get rid of this section.

## Change to collect sub-protocol

During collect init, leader must perform batch validation (see batch-validation
in {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}) to the `CollectReq`. This requires leader
to know the parameters associated with the DAP task. However, upon receipt of
`CollectReq`, leader may not know the parameters if the first upload has not
arrived yet. In this case the leader MAY respond with HTTP status code 404
Not Found and an error of type `unrecognizedTask`. The response MAY include a

> Retry-After header field to suggest a pulling interval to the collector.

Reviewer: Are changes actually needed? What's the goal here: to signal to the collector that the task hasn't been configured yet, but might eventually? Why is this useful?

Author: this is necessary because batch-validation in core protocol relies on various task parameters known at the time of receiving collectReq, the goal is to let leader have a chance to let collector know what happened, otherwise, how does leader check for e.g. min_batch_size

Reviewer: Fair enough, but the following seems superfluous:

> In this case the leader MAY respond with HTTP status code 404
> Not Found and an error of type `unrecognizedTask`.

In vanilla DAP, if the task ID is not known, then the Leader is already required to abort with "unrecognizedTask". As far as I can tell, this text only changes the server behavior by allowing it to abort with 404 rather than the currently mandated 400.

> The response MAY include a
> Retry-After header field to suggest a pulling interval to the collector.

This seems fine, but a little odd. It seems like what you want to do here is distinguish between two cases:
1. A collect request is made for a task that will exist eventually (once we get the first upload request pertaining to the task)
2. A collect request is made for a task that will never exist

But how does the Leader know which of these is true, based on the information it has?

Author: that's a good point, we should probably aim to have collector behave the same in both cases. The core protocol today doesn't describe how leader response to a nonexistent task ID. The only `unrecognizedTask` error happens in hpke_config/ endpoint. I think the ideal solution could be the following:

- if leader receive a nonexistent task ID, it must responses 404 and `unrecognizedTask`, it may include Retry-After header.
- if collector gets 404 and `unrecognizedTask`, then it's up to collector to retry at a later time.

If this is specified in the core protocol, we can get rid of this collector section. thoughts? @cjpatton

Reviewer: I agree, it seems worth spelling this out in the core protocol. Would you mind sending a PR today? If not, I will do so.

One nit: Unless there's a specific reason why 404 is desirable, let's just go with 400, which is currently used for all aborts in DAP.

Author: I don't have a reason to use 404 but the current core protocol actually says it explicitly: https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/blob/main/draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md#hpke-configuration-request-hpke-config

> If the aggregator does not recognize the task ID, then it responds with HTTP status code 404 Not Found and an error of type unrecognizedTask.

Author: In the Errors table in the core protocol, it has this:
> unrecognizedTask | An endpoint received a message with an unknown task ID.

Is this considered "spelled out" (It doesn't actually say what HTTP status code to use)? If so, then there's nothing to be done.

> Alternatively the leader can just response with 303 and continue waiting.

# Helper Behavior

Helper should have received out-of-band from leader any information that is not
always tied to a particular task, for e.g. `vdaf_verify_key`. Similar to
leader, helper may not know the task ID of the current task before receiving

> the first `AggregateInitializeReq` message from the leader.

Reviewer: I think this spec should spell out how the vdaf verify key is computed. Say explicitily what else is out-of-band (HTTP request auth assets, collector HPKE config)

## Change to helper aggregate sub-protocol

Upon receipt of a `AggregateInitializeReq`, helper reads the extension
codepoint in `extension_type`. If helper does not support this extension, it
SHOULD abort the aggregate protocol and alert the leader with error

> "unrecognizedMessage".

Reviewer: Here again, let's assume that the Helper MUST ignore unrecognized extensions and make sure we spell out the Helper behavior in a way that make sure ignore this is safe.

> "unrecognizedMessage".

Reviewer: Again: Let's assume that the Helper MUST ignore unrecognized extensions. See https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/issues/334

Author: what does "ignore" mean in this case? it should carry on preparing the shares as if task ID is already associated with an existing task? The current core protocol doesn't specify what happens in the aggregate-flow if the task ID is not recognized. Maybe we should specify that behaviour in the core protocol first, then we can simply see "ignore" in this extension.

Reviewer: If the Helper doesn't recognize the task ID, it's supposed to abort with "unrecognizedTask". Are you sure this isn't already spelled out?

If helper supports `task-prov` extension, it should first check if the task ID
already exists, if so helper continues to the rest of helper initialization as
usual (see helper initialization in {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.)
Note if the existing task's configuration is different from the one in report
share extension, HPKE decryption will fail due to mismatched AAD.

If the task ID has not been seen before, helper should read and decode report
share's `extension_data` with the `TaskConfig` schema. If the decode failed,
it MUST abort the aggregate protocol and alert the leader with error
"unrecognizedMessage".

If the decode succeeds, helper should create a new task using the task ID from
the decoded report share, and save task configuration with the newly created
task. In particular, helper should pass `vdaf_config` to the VDAF initializer,
based on `vdaf_type` in `TaskConfig`. At this point, the task provision step has

> completed, and helper should continue to the rest of helper initialization.

Reviewer: Lots of this text is identical to the Leader's behavior. Can we try to de-duplicate it somehow? Perhaps we can add a subsection to the "Extension" section that describes this. Maybe call it "Provisioning a Task".

# Collector Behavior

> TODO(wangshan) Describe if/how this extension impacts Collector behavior.

If Collector supports `task-prov` extension and receives a HTTP status code
404 Not Found with error type `unrecognizedTask` after sending a `CollectReq`,
it SHOULD retry with the same `CollectReq`, potentially using an interval from
the Retry-After header in the received response.

# Implementation and Operational Considerations

> > NOTE(shan) Do we want to include this section in the beginning?

Reviewer: Better to have it toward the end.

A "task" now means the same task ID and same task configuration, if a malicious
client changes the task ID or task configuration, its report will be aggregated
in a different task, with other poison reports from the same malicious attack.

> The "good" reports will not be polluted.

Reviewer: this paragraph strikes me as a security consideration.

The in-band task provision mechanism is easy to implement with streaming

> framework that has `groupBy` operator. In fact, task as an object doesn't have

Reviewer: > streaming framework that has `groupBy` operator.

This is too vague. If you want to suggest a particular implementation strategy, then you'll need to elaborate more here.

Author: I don't think this paragraph is essential, let me remove this from the first draft and add details later

to exist in aggregators, it mainly becomes an identifier to group aggregations
together.

> This mechanism brings added overhead in `Report` and `ReportShare` since more
> duplicated data is passed around. Some optimisation can be done by sending only
> one copy of extension in `AggregateInitializeReq`.

Reviewer: I agree, changes to core DAP are likely warranted. However I think it's too early to suggest anything concrete, or even file an issue. I would make this paragraph an OPEN ISSUE.
```suggestion
> OPEN ISSUE: This mechanism brings added overhead in `Report` and `ReportShare` since more
> duplicated data is passed around. Some optimisation can be done by sending only
> one copy of extension in `AggregateInitializeReq`.
```

# Security Considerations

> NOTE(cjpatton) In this section we would describe any security goals we have
> that go beyond the core DAP spec. We will also discuss if/how the extension
> impacts the security of DAP itself.

> Because extension is used in HPKE's AAD, by including all task configurations
> in the extension, malicious leader cannot change the task configuration to
> mislead helpers to reduce privacy guarantee, for e.g. by reducing

> > `min_batch_size`.

Reviewer: How does this compare with vanilla DAP? For this property to hold, it's sufficient to ensure a 1:1 mapping from task ID to task config. This is already required by vanilla DAP, so I don't actually think we gain anything here.

    opaque vdaf_config<1..2^16-1>;
} TaskConfig;

struct {
    QueryType query_type;    // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
    Duration time_precision; // Defined in I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-02
    uint32 min_batch_size;
    select (query_type) {
        case time-interval: Empty;
        case fixed-size: uint32 max_batch_size;
    }
} QueryConfig;
~~~

The purpose of `TaskConfig` is to define all parameters that are necessary
for configuring an aggregator. It includes all the fields to be
associated with a task (see task configuration in
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.). Besides, `TaskConfig` also includes fields
that useful for configuring a task in-band:

* An opaque `task_info` that is specific to a task. For e.g. this can be a
string describing the purpose of this task. It can also be the DAP task ID
chosen by task author.

* An opaque `vdaf_config` that contains any VDAF specific parameters for the
chosen `vdaf_type`. The aggregators MUST pass `vdaf_config` to VDAF initialiser,
based on the chosen `vdaf_type`.

The codepoints for standardized (V)DAFs are listed below:

~~~
/* Codepoint for each standardized VDAF. Defined in
 I-D.draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf-02 */
enum {

>     Prio3Aes128Count(0x00000000),

Reviewer: Here and below (and update VdafConfig to match)
```suggestion
    prio3-aes128-count(0x00000000),
```

    Prio3Aes128Sum(0x00000001),
    Prio3Aes128Histogram(0x00000002),
    Poplar1Aes128(0x00001000),
    (2^32-1)
} VdafType;
~~~

> `VdafConfig` is not specified in this document, instead it should be defined by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The structure of the `vdaf_config` field is not specified in this document, instead it should be defined by
```

each VDAF implementation, for example, the simplest VDAF config for Prio3 can

> be defined as:

Reviewer: If we're going to spell out the structure for Prio3, we should be more declaritive.

> For VDAFs specified in {{!VDAF}}, implementations SHOULD use the following structure:

~~~
struct {
    select (vdaf_type) {
        case Prio3Aes128Count: Empty;
        case Prio3Aes128Sum: uint8 bits;

>         case Prio3Aes128Histogram: uint32 buckets;

Reviewer: This should actually be a list of buckets. Plus, uint64_t is more useful for defining bucket boundaries.
```suggestion
        case Prio3Aes128Histogram: uint64 buckets<8, 2^16-8>;
```

    }
} VdafConfig;
~~~

> OPEN ISSUE: Should DP parameters be defined as a different "dimension" to

> > VDAF, given that it's likely various DP mechanisms can be applied to any VDAF.

Reviewer: That probably makes since, but it somewhat depends on the outcome of https://github.com/cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-vdaf/issues/94. Let's keep this issue open and add a reference to the VDAF issue.

The definition of Time, Duration, Url, QueryType follow those in
{{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.

Note that `TaskConfig` does not encode all of the parameters required for the
aggregator to run a task. In particular, parameters that should not be known to
clients, like the VDAF verification key, the collector HPKE configuration, and
whatever assets are required for HTTP request authentication are still

> established out-of-band.

Reviewer: I think this extension should spell out derivation of the VDAF verification key, as this needs to be unique per task. Feel free to leave as an OPEN ISSUE in this PR.

# Client Behavior

> TODO(wangshan) Say how the Client constructs the extension body. Does the
> extension change anything else about the upload flow?

The client should know whether `task-prov` extension will be used and all
parameters required for `TaskConfig` prior to constructing the extension
body, either out-of-band from aggregators, or from information already saved on
client.

> To use this extension, the client should first decide what is the task ID, see
> {{construct-task-id}}.
> 
> Client constructs this extension during the upload flow, after hpke config
> (see update flow and hpke-config in {{?DAP=I-D.draft-ietf-ppm-dap-01}}.).
> Client typically sets `extension_type` to `task-prov` codepoint in
> `ReportMetadata`'s extension field, and save the encoded `TaskConfig` in
> `extension_data` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To offer the "task-prov" extension, the client adds the `TaskConfig` structure it received from the task author in the extensions field of its `Report`. It computes the task ID as described in {{construct-task-id}}.
```

## Construct task ID {#construct-task-id}

> 

Reviewer: > Task ID can be constructed
from `task_info` and any other part of task configuration, as long as the
generated task ID is determinstic and stay consistent across all parties. For
example, the task ID can be a SHA256 hash of the entire serialized
`TaskConfig`. 

The spec needs to be declaritive here. Instead of saying "here's one way one might compute the task ID", spell it out explicitly. For example:

> When the "task-prov" extension is used, the task ID is computed as follows:
> 
> ~~~
> task_id = SHA-256(task_config)
> ~~~

where `task_config` is the payload of the extension sent by the client.

>
> - Which of the sub-protocols are changed: upload, aggregate, collect?

> TODO: talk about client logging task configuration and checking against
parameters like task_expiration.

# Conventions and Definitions

{::boilerplate bcp14-tagged}

# The "task-prov" Extension

> NOTE(cjpatton) It will be useful to think of a good name for this. Something
> succinct and descriptive is ideal. `task-prov` is fine, but we can maybe do
> better.

A new extension is defined:

~~~
enum {

>   task-prov(0xff00),

Reviewer: nit: I think 4-character tab is a bit more readable.

  (65535)
} ExtensionType;
~~~
> NOTE(shan) TLS uses underscore `_` to define codepoints, which is different

> > from DAP's convension of using hyphen `-`, which one to follow?

Reviewer: Good catch. I think underscore is better, but consistency with DAP is more important. I filed https://github.com/ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap/issues/314 to figure this out.

When the Client includes this extension with its report, the body of the
extension is structured as follows:

~~~
/* Definition of all parameters in extension_data for one task */
struct {
  /* Info specific for a task. */

>   opaque task_info<1..2^8-1>,

Reviewer: Here and below.

```suggestion
  opaque task_info<1..2^8-1>;
```

> NOTE(cjpatton) It's a good idea to acknowledge anyone by name who contributed
> to the spec in some way, either directly or indirectly.
> NOTE(shan) Will add more in future commits.

Contributors

Junye Chen
Apple Inc.
junyec@apple.com

Michael Scaria
Apple Inc.
mscaria@apple.com

Suman Ganta
Apple Inc.
sganta2@apple.com

Christopher A. Wood
Cloudflare

> chriswood@cloudflare.com

Reviewer: Chris uses his personal email for IETF contributions
```suggestion
caw@heapingbits.net
```
